# hello-world
Just a container

  I've been on the Internet since before the World Wide Web was created. This was back in the accuostic modem days when email was sent through FidoNet. Rather than chat rooms, we had BBS's, or Bulletin Board Systems, where you would leave your thoughts on some particular topic and then log out so someone else could log in after you and respond to them. Most of the time you were commanding your system to call a number at a private residence where the owner had a dedicated line connected to his accuostic modem, which was connected to a computer dedicated to hosting some kind of BBS or FTP site.

  Some people started businesses where they would have dozen's of lines incoming and they had whole menus of things your could play with. Games and discussion rooms and downloads, etc. For a fee. To be connected to other sites, they would have their system connect to some part of the actual Internet backbone  a few times a day and then upload batches of information that would be downloaded by other hosts doing the same thing. They did it this way because back then, no one could afford to have a direct connection to the Internet. There wasn't enough consumer demand yet to make it feasable.
  
  But then I started reading a lot more about computers and the internet and it came to pass that a new service had popped up in a city close to Seattle where I lived. The company was called Eskimo North and they allowed you to dial in and connect directly to the Internet. The fees were pretty steep and I was pretty poor, but the alure was to great and I signed up. Basically you dialed into a server, which had some connection to the backbone, and you used a text based browser, like Lynx, to access documents stored on servers kept at the major universities.
  
    Not long after, we got monitors and graphics cards that could display **color** character cells. So the text could appear in colors and could even blink if the designer felt like being annoying. Then we got VGA graphics and as such porn came into it's own. And I think the biggest day that ever was up to that point is when Netscape Navigator hit the scence. That was a game changer. Now everyone had to have Internet. Then came cable internet, and then fiber optic, and here we are today. I know I skipped over vast amounts of history, but those were the highlights that came to mind just now.

The only computer education I've had was two quarters in high school (1976) and two semesters at community college (2014). Being virtually self taught in several code and script launguages, and with a deep interest in hardware, I've managed to make most of my living from repair, support, and coding jobs for over 30 years.
